Project Plan
============

Team 58-Pragyan Roy

Introduction:
-------------

The goal of the project is to create a Job offer comparison app which
will enable the User to compare their current job details with a new job
offer or compare any two job offers. This app will also offer
customizable ranking of job/offers using compensation-based weights.

Activity Name: Inception Phase
------------------------------

### Activity Description:

In this phase the project team will discuss the idea from scratch and
delve on the final vision as to how the end state product might look
like. The project team was provided with an initial requirements
document which will be carefully discussed in detail. In this phase, we
will identify the primary actors, delimit scope, define the business
case, and simplify the use case model of the system.

### Entrance Criteria:

The entrance criteria for Inception phase are:

-   Requirements Document

-   Clarifications provided in Piazza

-   Office hours clarifications

### Exit Criteria:

-   Use Case Model

-   Initial project Plan and risk assessment (Current Document)

-   Initial Business case

-   Initial Vision document

-   Project glossary

In conclusion, this phase enabled the team to get consensus on scope,
budget, time, requirements understanding and credible cost and time
estimates.

### Extended Project Phase Description:

In the Inception phase the team will review the **requirements
document** that is provided by the instructors and discuss specifics
questions like, Why the job offer comparison app is needed? What purpose
will it have? How it can be used by the app user?

The team will also discuss on, how to conduct design sessions?
Methodology to capture design discussions? Furthermore, the team will
work on creating Use case design, Class Diagram, Design documentation
and Design prototyping.

The key questions that will be discussed during inception phase are the
following:

-   What are the major actors (Users)?

    -   The major actor is the app user/job seeker who would like to
        compare multiple job offers along with the current job.

-   What will the system do for the users?

    -   The System will compare and rank Job offers. This will enable
        the user to evaluate which job offer better suits the user\'s
        criteria. This app will further allow the user an ability to
        assign weights to job attributes in order to rank the offers.
        The system can compare only two job offers at any given point in
        time.

-   What could be the system architecture?

    -   The requirement specified to choose Android platform.

-   What is the high-level rough plan and cost?

    -   The high-level plan was to create Team roles and assign tasks
        amongst the team. We have assigned a Project Manager, Lead
        Engineer and two Software Engineers and ensured that we divide
        and conquer the tasks.

    -   Since the class timelines are fixed and there are submissions
        due every week therefore each of our project phases will adhere
        to a one-week schedule. Since we have 4 phases as per Unified
        Software Process, we have a four-week schedule.

-   Main Risks

    -   The team does not have access to back up resources if the team
        loses a member

    -   Project deliverables are due every week and there is no scope
        for error

    -   Strict adherence to project timelines is needed at all costs

    -   Scope addition at a later point may cause project delays

Activity Name: Elaboration Phase
--------------------------------

There are 4 main goals in this phase. Analyzing problem domain,
establishing architectural foundation, eliminate high risk elements and
refine plan activities and estimates.

### Entrance Criteria:

-   Initial business case

-   Initial project plan and risk assessment.

-   Use case Model

-   Initial vision document

The team will evaluate the current requirements in details and conduct
design discussions this will help further refine each of our
requirements. We will create a robust design document which will be
reviewed by each team member and a more stable vision of product
architecture will be created. The design document will capture Design
Considerations, Constraints, Architectural Design, Component Diagram,
Deployment Diagram, Low-Level Design, Class Diagram, Other Diagrams.

### Exit Criteria:

1.  Stable Vision and architecture

2.  Prototype address major risks (If necessary)

3.  Detailed project Plan.

![](media/image1.png){width="6.79166447944007in"
height="3.6145833333333335in"}

Activity Name: Construction Phase
---------------------------------

The construction phase is where most of our development will take place.
This is where our product will come to life and our test cases will be
executed.

### Entrance Criteria:

-   Stable Vision and architecture

-   Prototype address major risks (If necessary)

-   Detailed project Plan.

After successfully completing elaboration phase, we obtain a clear
vision about the product end state along with a stable architecture. We
also have a prototype which addresses our key risks and includes all our
major requirements and we create a detailed project plan.

### Exit Criteria:

The outcome of construction phase are as follows:

-   All our test cases are realized with traceability information back
    to each requirement.

-   Software product integrated in all needed platforms

-   Complete system test results

-   User Manual

-   Complete set of artifacts design, code and test cases.

-   Beta release of the product ready

We evaluate the success of this phase by measuring the below

-   Is the product ready to be released for production users?

-   Are stakeholders ready to transition

-   If the actual vs planned expenditures are acceptable?

Activity Name: Transition Phase
-------------------------------

The transition phase is a phase when we are ready to deploy our product.
This phase is all about deployment and maintenance of the product. We
capture any issues that product encounters during release and we perform
maintenance to fix those issues. We also perform training and lessons
learned document and the product is finally in use and the project is
complete.

### Entrance Criteria:

-   All our test cases are realized with traceability information back
    to each requirement.

-   Software product integrated in all needed platforms

-   Complete system test results

-   User Manual

-   Complete set of artifacts design, code and test cases.

-   Beta release of the product ready

After successfully completing construction phase we have a product beta
release which is ready for production users. We have a complete set
project artifact which satisfies all stakeholder requirements.

### Exit Criteria:

-   Product in use

-   Project completed

-   Lessons learned document

-   Plan for next release

Team

### Members

-   James Calhoun

-   Debra Okwuzi

-   Pragyan Roy

-   Sai Balagi Thalanayar Swaminathan

### Roles

-   Project Manager - Person responsible for Project planning, Project
    scope, Project timelines and coordinating project activities.

-   UX Designer - Design and implementation of the User Interface for
    the Product

-   Software Engineer - Responsible for coding and unit testing software
    components

-   Test Engineer - Responsible for overall test plan and test
    execution.

### Member Roles

  Name                                Role
  ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------
  James Calhoun                       Project Manager/Software Engineer
  Debra Okwuzi                        UX Designer/Software Engineer
  Sai Balagi Thalanayar Swaminathan   Software Engineer/Test Engineer
  Pragyan Roy                         UX Designer/Test Engineer
